information-schema: add client errors docs (#5062)
pingcap/docs: information-schema/client-errors-summary-global.md

---
title: CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_GLOBAL
summary: Learn about the `CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_GLOBAL` information_schema table.
---

# CLIENT_ERROR_SUMMARY_BY_HOST

The table `CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_GLOBAL` provides a global summary of all SQL errors and warnings that have been returned to clients that connect to a TiDB server. These include:

* Malformed SQL statements.
* Division by zero errors.

> * Attempting to insert out-of-range of duplicate key values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The attempt to insert out-of-range of duplicate key values.
```

* Permission errors.
* A table does not exist.

> Client errors are returned to the client via the MySQL server protocol, where applications are expected to take appropriate action. The `information_schema`.`CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_GLOBAL` table provides a high level overview, and is useful in the scenario that applications are not correctly handling (or logging) errors returned by the TiDB server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client errors are returned to the client via the MySQL server protocol, where applications are expected to take appropriate action. The `information_schema`.`CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_GLOBAL` table provides a high-level overview, and is useful in the scenario where applications are not correctly handling (or logging) errors returned by the TiDB server.
```
